DOC-3737 Update release alerts for Log4j 2.16.0 schedule (#456)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.8/open-source/release-notes.md

## Apache Log4j update

### Updated December 15 2021

{{< note >}}

> The Latest version of Corda 4.8 has been updated to Log4j 2.15.0. A further update is underway to address security issues with Log4j 2.15.0. Check the releases and alerts banner for more information and expected release of the new update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest version of Corda 4.8 has been updated to Log4j 2.15.0. A further update is underway to address security issues with Log4j 2.15.0. Check the releases and alerts banner for more information and expected release date of the next update.
```
